Brother Song, are you here? In the Song family.
You, you are already here.
If we hadn't come, how would we have discovered that Miss Su Yu had charged such a large amount of money?
You are so brave, he is not old.
Even our Su Yu family’s projects dare to vomit.
So, you've heard the explanation,
We, still remember when I came here,
According to Long Zhen, only Miss Su Yu can be responsible for this project.
Otherwise, I'll give it to you.
It is true that I did not consider this matter seriously.
I was wrong, and He Du was destroyed.
You should talk to Miss Su Yu
Don't take it personally
Give an example of the legal effect of your Jian Xiu
Can make everyone bright
Without price, life is closed off.
It's my fault
Master Chen Di’s law has finally come
Look at you, this lung furnace
How could we be kicked out of the show?